
OOP and PROC
: OOP language
inheritance = multiply, year = 1998

: Procedure language
abstract = no, year = 1997


OOP and FUNC
: OOP language
inheritance = multiply, year = 1998

: Functional language
typification = strong, lazy computing support = no, year = 1990


OOP and FUNC
: OOP language
inheritance = multiply, year = 1998

: Functional language
typification = false, lazy computing support = yes, year = 2002


OOP and PROC
: OOP language
inheritance = multiply, year = 1998

: Procedure language
abstract = no, year = 2001


OOP and OOP 
: OOP language
inheritance = multiply, year = 1998

: OOP language
inheritance = multiply, year = 2000

Proc and FUNC
: Procedure language
abstract = no, year = 1997

: Functional language
typification = strong, lazy computing support = no, year = 1990


Proc and FUNC
: Procedure language
abstract = no, year = 1997

: Functional language
typification = false, lazy computing support = yes, year = 2002


Proc and Proc
: Procedure language
abstract = no, year = 1997

: Procedure language
abstract = no, year = 2001


PROC and OOP
: Procedure language
abstract = no, year = 1997

: OOP language
inheritance = multiply, year = 2000

FUNC and FUNC
: Functional language
typification = strong, lazy computing support = no, year = 1990

: Functional language
typification = false, lazy computing support = yes, year = 2002


FUNC and PROC
: Functional language
typification = strong, lazy computing support = no, year = 1990

: Procedure language
abstract = no, year = 2001


FUNC and OOP
: Functional language
typification = strong, lazy computing support = no, year = 1990

: OOP language
inheritance = multiply, year = 2000

FUNC and PROC
: Functional language
typification = false, lazy computing support = yes, year = 2002

: Procedure language
abstract = no, year = 2001


FUNC and OOP
: Functional language
typification = false, lazy computing support = yes, year = 2002

: OOP language
inheritance = multiply, year = 2000

PROC and OOP
: Procedure language
abstract = no, year = 2001

: OOP language
inheritance = multiply, year = 2000

List empty. Number of elements = 0 
